chore: improve release readiness (#87)
paradedb/django-paradedb: README.md

| ---------- | ----------------------------- |
| Python     | 3.10+                         |
| Django     | 4.2+                          |
| ParadeDB   | 0.21.10+                      |
| PostgreSQL | 15+ (with ParadeDB extension) |

Notes:

- CI runs Python `3.10` through `3.14` across Django `4.2`, `5.2`, and `6.0`.

> - Schema compatibility is checked against every ParadeDB release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Schema compatibility is checked every time a new version of ParadeDB is released.
```
At first I interpreted this as "every version of ParadeDB is compatible with this project" instead of "on every new release, we check the schema compatibility", so it might be worth updating the language.
